1. Your strong piety is your children s strength, You always shared your best with whoever needed the most, You always gave, and gave with faith in Him
2. Later, I mustered the courage to ask him about his recollections so that I could pen them down before they were buried irretrievably under the sands of time
3. But realising the importance of this task and regarding it an honour to have been permitted to attempt it, I prayed earnestly for the courage and calibre to complete it
4. Many of you may never meet Dr Kalam in person, but I hope you will enjoy his company through this book, and that he will become your spiritual friend
5. The famous words of Isaac Newton about standing on the shoulders of giants are valid for every scientist and I certainly owe a great debt of knowledge and inspiration to the distinguished lineage of Indian scientists, that included Vikram Sarabhai, Satish Dhawan and Brahm Prakash
6. This story is an account, I hope, not just of my personal triumphs and tribulations but of the successes and setbacks of the science establishment in modern India, struggling to establish itself in the technological forefront
7. My father, Jainulabdeen, had neither much formal education nor much wealth despite these disadvantages, he possessed great innate wisdom and a true generosity of spirit
8. This may have been the reason why he always encouraged me to excel in my studies and enjoyed my success vicariously
9. The unschooled wisdom of Jallaluddin and Samsuddin was so intuitive and responsive to non-verbal messages, that I can unhesitatingly attribute my subsequently manifested creativity to their company in my childhood
10. My father visualized me as a Collector in the making and I thought it my duty to realise my father s dream, although I desperately missed the familiarity, security and comforts of Rameswaram
11. Jallaluddin used to speak to me about the power of positive thinking and I often recalled his words when I felt homesick or dejected
12. Iyadurai Solomon used to say, To succeed in life and achieve results, you must understand and master three mighty forces desire, belief, and expectation
13. I was deeply touched by her determination to see me educated and by her faith in my abilities
14. Plate 1 a My father Jainulabdeen was not formally educated, but was a man of great wisdom and kindness
15. Learning without wisdom is of no use
16. Even today I believe that everyone who has been taught by Prof
17. The accepted view was that a belief in scientific methods was the only valid approach to knowledge
18. Let God be your hope, your stay, your guide and provide the lantern for your feet in your journey into the future, said the introverted genius, bidding me adieu
19. Many even called us a group of eccentric inventors in pursuit of an impossible dream
20. In the new order, not many people shared his dream with regard to military applications of an indigenous hovercraft
21. However, I communicated Dr Mediratta s instructions to my colleagues and we felt a new surge of hope
22. The entire encounter seemed to me a total moment of truth, in which my dream was enveloped by the larger dream of a bigger person
23. One of the important functions of prayer, I believe, is to act as a stimulus to creative ideas
24. Jallaluddin and Samsuddin were self-reliant, positive, optimistic men who undertook their work with the assurance of success
25. Then, Jallaluddin said, Azad, we have always loved you, and we believe in you
26. They draw out innate courage and wisdom
27. He had the wisdom and judgement which enabled him to realise not only if something was well done, but also when it was time to stop
28. The development of Indian rockets in the twentieth century can be seen as a revival of the eighteenth century dream of Tipu Sultan
29. Sarabhai took the challenge of giving physical dimensions to this dream
30. I often read Khalil Gibran, and always find his words full of wisdom
31. Sometimes I found him making things look more positive than they actually were, and then charming us by his almost magical powers of persuasion
32. In such a state of mind, sudden flashes of inspiration were almost natural
33. Today, I can affirm that the kingdom of God is within you in the form of this power, to help achieve your goals and realise your dreams
34. Sometimes, when we are ready, the gentlest of contacts with Him fills us with insight and wisdom
35. Over and above, there was the dream of an adequate infrastructure that would be capable of supporting R D in a variety of engineering and scientific disciplines
36. Babu had joined us a few months ago and the only thing I knew about him was that he had a very positive attitude and was articulate
37. Sarabhai had already hand-picked a team to give form to his dream of an Indian SLV
38. I sought to share the wisdom of these extremely brilliant people
39. Double base propellants were distant dreams those days but nevertheless we dared to dream about them
40. Work for the things you believe in
41. My father had always reminded me of the legendary Abou Ben Adhem who, waking one night from a deep dream of peace, saw an angel writing in a book of gold the names of those who love the Lord
42. To succeed in your mission, you must have single- minded devotion to your goal
43. And with their social and family life welded to their dream, they find the rewards of their drive overwhelming the inherent joy of being in flow
44. Such spells increased steadily in frequency, and the SLV-3 dream was finally realised in the middle of 1979
45. It was both the culmination of a national dream, and the beginning of a very important phase in our nation s history
46. It was clear to me that the burial of the Devil was essential for the rise of hope and vision
47. I reminded him of his own advice to me almost a decade ago You have to dream before your dreams can come true
48. Dhawan at the helm leaders who elucidated their goals, made their missions larger than their lives, and could then inspire their entire workforce
49. I gave the name Agni Fire to my long cherished dream of REX
50. They would unquestioningly believe in outside specialists
51. I wanted men who had the capability to grow with possibilities, with the patience to explore all possible alternatives, with the wisdom to apply old principles to new situations people with the skill to negotiate their way forward
52. I wanted to tell him that I found all these five Pandavas married to the Draupadi of positive thinking
53. He advised us to list all the resources we needed to achieve our goals, overlooking nothing, and then include in the list our own positive imagination and faith
54. What you believe is what you will achieve, he said
55. Your fast pace of work is the hope of the entire nation, she said
56. I listened carefully to the review members as they aired their opinions and doubts, and I learned from their collective wisdom
57. It was astonishing to see how in the young scientific environment, negative attitudes changed to positive and things that were previously thought impractical began happening
58. To return to the four basic factors that I am convinced are involved in successful outcomes goal-setting, positive thinking, visualizing, and believing
59. A person with belief never grovels before anyone, whining and whimpering that it s all too much, that he lacks support, that he is being treated unfairly
60. This positive dependence between youth and experience had created a very productive work culture at DRDL
61. To truly understand a judge, you must understand the riddle of the scales one side heaped high with hope, the other side holding apprehension
62. This is my belief that through difficulties and problems God gives us the opportunity to grow
63. The motivational inventory of a leader is made up of three types of understanding an understanding of the needs that people expect to satisfy in their jobs, an understanding of the effect that job design has on motivation, and an understanding of the power of positive reinforcement in influencing people s behaviour
64. President Venkataraman saw in the Agni success the fulfilment of his dream
65. Only when we are technologically self-reliant will we able to fulfill their dream
66. Joseph s building still carried the imprint of the wisdom of those great people
67. B Nag on the occasion, I was described as an inspiration behind the creation of a solid technological base from which India s future aerospace programmes can be launched to meet the challenges of the twenty-first century
68. As with children, however, these positive attributes can be destroyed by the behaviour of misguided parents
69. The excitement of planning ways to succeed and the vision of future success provide an irresistible form of motivation which, I have found, always makes things happen
70. I hope it will help at least a few young people to stand up to the authoritarianism in our society
71. I believe they drew sustenance from within
72. I do not wish to set myself up as an example to others, but I believe that a few readers may draw inspiration and come to experience that ultimate satisfaction which can only be found in the life of the spirit

Total true motivational sentences found: 72
Saved 72 sentences to CSV file: true_motivational_sentences.csv
Saved 72 sentences to database: motivational_sentences.db
